Adapt Serverless Tier in Developer Guide (#11125)
pingcap/docs: develop/dev-guide-sample-application-golang.md

<div label="Using GORM (Recommended)" value="gorm">

> If you are using the TiDB Cloud Serverless Tier clusters, modify the value of the `dsn` in `gorm.go`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using a TiDB Cloud Serverless Tier cluster, modify the value of the `dsn` in `gorm.go`:
```

{{< copyable "" >}}

```go
dsn := "root:@tcp(127.0.0.1:4000)/test?charset=utf8mb4"
```

> Suppose that the password you set is `123456`, and the connection parameters you get from TiDB Cloud Serverless Tier are the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Suppose that the password you set is `123456`, and the connection parameters you get from the cluster details page are the following:
```

- Endpoint: `xxx.tidbcloud.com`
- Port: `4000`
- User: `2aEp24QWEDLqRFs.root`

> In this case, you can modify the code block as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, you can modify the `mysql.RegisterTLSConfig` and `dsn` as follows:
```

{{< copyable "" >}}

```go
mysql.RegisterTLSConfig("register-tidb-tls", &tls.Config {
    MinVersion: tls.VersionTLS12,
    ServerName: "xxx.tidbcloud.com",
})

dsn := "2aEp24QWEDLqRFs.root:123456@tcp(xxx.tidbcloud.com:4000)/test?charset=utf8mb4&tls=register-tidb-tls"
```

</div>

<div label="Using go-sql-driver/mysql" value="sqldriver">

> If you are using the TiDB Cloud Serverless Tier clusters, modify the value of the `dsn` in `sqldriver.go`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using a TiDB Cloud Serverless Tier cluster, modify the value of the `dsn` in `sqldriver.go`:
```

```go
dsn := "root:@tcp(127.0.0.1:4000)/test?charset=utf8mb4"
```

> Suppose that the password you set is `123456`, and the connection parameters you get from TiDB Cloud Serverless Tier are the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Suppose that the password you set is `123456`, and the connection parameters you get from the cluster details page are the following:
```

- Endpoint: `xxx.tidbcloud.com`
- Port: `4000`
- User: `2aEp24QWEDLqRFs.root`

> In this case, you can modify the code block as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, you can modify the `mysql.RegisterTLSConfig` and `dsn` as follows:
```
